
2020 Christmas / New Year’s VIP Package
Special 7-night experience1
Valid for check-in on either: December 18, 19 or 20 or December 26, 27 or 28, 2020.

Package consists of:
7 nights accommodation at Fernblick Luxury Villa for up to 6 guests in our 3 bedroom suites including the master Khao Ra Suite with its unparalleled views of the untouched jungles of the island.
Meet & greet at Koh Samui Airport and private speedboat transfer to/from Koh Phangan2.
Champagne cocktail and a selection of delicious canapes upon arrival.
Breakfast consisting of your choice of locally produced delights served daily at Fernblick.
A stocked inventory of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages.
Full day private speedboat tour to either Ang Thong Marine Park3 with its spectacular mountains or Koh Tao for Thailand’s best snorkelling.
 

Voucher for dinner at L’Alcove Bistro featuring live entertainment on the beach5.
1 special Khao Soi dinner at Fernblick using Kuku’s home-made recipe and ingredients brought in from Chiang Mai.
Use of 2 Honda Click motor scooters during your stay4.
Picnic on the beach of choice including snacks and beverages.
4 Herbal baths or 2 therapeutic ice baths in our panoramic bathtub built on the rock with a 270 degree view of the island.
6 in-house massage therapy treatments, 1-hour each OR 3 private yoga classes at Fernblick
Personalized service throughout your stay from our villa manager “Kuku”.
Concierge services available to assist you with restaurant reservations at Koh Phangan’s best restaurants and any other activities you would like to pursue while a guest with us
2020 HOLIDAY SPECIAL: THB 199,900

Book Now
Terms & conditions apply. Please note the following from above:

Program price is valid for check-in/out on the dates indicated. For alternate dates, please contact us.
Transfer valid for a daytime arrival only. For night arrivals, a supplement may apply.
Exclusive use of the private boat with soft drinks and use of the swimming equipment. Date is subject to availability and weather and should be reserved early.
Proof of license and driving competence is required.
Voucher value THB 4,000
Booking subject to our rental agreement terms. The villa is not suitable for parties which are forbidden.