Privacy & Data Protection Policy
Fernblick Properties Co. Ltd. (“Fernblick”) as well as its employees and affiliates are committed to protecting all personal information that you share with us. It is important that you, our members, understand clearly our Privacy Policy.

By using this website and/or the services offered and provided by us, you are consenting to our use of any personal information that you may provide to us as outlined below. If you do not consent to the use of your information, we kindly ask that you do not leave any comments, name, contact information or any other personal information on this website. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please email our founder who is the person responsible for the administration and enforcement of this policy. The email is owner@fernblick.co.th

We do our utmost to ensure your personal information is safeguarded and protected, by adhering and acting in accordance with all applicable legislation, including Thailand’s Personal Data Protection Act B.E. 2562 (2019).

1. Definition of personal information and reason for collecting it
Fernblick collects personal information only to the extent necessary to deliver the services, products, or information you, another person booking on your behalf, requests.

Fernblick collects, holds, uses and discloses, only as necessary the following personal information from members and others in the course of offering services or providing services to you: full name, age, home address, phone number, e-mail address, passport and travel information, where required, nationality, residency, dietary requirements, and comments you provide us, trip destination information, credit card and/or other payment information, etc. The collection of this information is done to allow us to provide the services you book.

Where the collection of certain details of your personal information is not required in order to deliver requested services or products, you may elect not to provide such details

2. How will my personal information be used?
Fernblick uses this personal information to provide the services you have requested, or to provide you with information about those services or Fernblick. This includes using personal information to make a booking, provide you with information about Fernblick and/or our services, and to receive and implement feedback on those services. Furthermore, the personal information allows us to:

Provide ongoing service and support, including resolution of any issues with the services you request from Fernblick.
Ensure the safety and security of our guests.
Carry out internal accounting and administration of our business.
Comply with laws, regulations, immigration requirements, etc.
Fernblick may also use your personal information to book tours and services for you or on your behalf from our third party suppliers and service providers, or other service providers for whom we act as agent from time to time. This collection of personal information can be both for our internal purposes, for example, to process your booking, and occasionally on behalf of the parties for whom we act as agent, for their internal purposes in providing the services or products you have requested. Please be aware that the consent you provide to the collection and use of personal information by Fernblick, applies equally to the parties whose products and services we sell or book on your behalf.

3. What if I don’t or won’t provide Personal Information?
If you do not provide the Personal Information that we request, we may not be able to deliver the services you have requested, which may mean you wouldn’t be able to book accommodation with us. If you have paid a deposit and later refuse to provide necessary Personal Information to Fernblick which Fernblick (or our partners and suppliers) requires to deliver the service for which the deposit was paid (for example, providing the passport information necessary to comply with Thailand immigration requirements), you may not be entitled to a refund for that service – the terms & conditions relative to that booking will apply. Please get in touch with us if you have any questions about providing or not providing Personal Information when booking or inquiring about accommodation at Fernblick. To be clear, personal information is not collected unless it is expressly provided to us. This means you can visit and browse our website, or place a call to our office, without having to provide any personal information to Fernblick.

How do we collect your information and obtain your consent to use it as described here? We collect information from members during the booking process, or during an inquiry if required, through our website, through any online booking that you may make or by telephone, email or other forms of digital communication.
This information is provided by you or on your behalf by someone you have authorized to make or inquire about a booking. We obtain consent by:

Written permission via mail, email or online booking form.
Verbal permission
Third party consent (i.e. from your spouse/common law partner, or the member booking on your behalf to whom you have provided your personal information for such purpose)
4. How is Personal Information protected?
The security and integrity of your Personal Information is extremely important to us. All personal information is stored in secure databases to prevent unauthorized access. Passwords, encryption devices and firewalls protect these databases. Please note however that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we take all steps to ensure the safety of your data, we cannot ensure the security of information you send to us over the internet.

Access to your personal and private information is limited to: authorized employees of Fernblick, and any of the third-party suppliers who require your information to provide the travel or other services you have requested (such as the transportation companies, restaurants, tour guides who deliver the services you purchase through Fernblick or that we arrange on your behalf) . We keep our employees and our third party suppliers and other partners informed about our policies and procedures and require strict compliance with this policy in order to ensure your information remains protected. Unauthorized access and/or disclosure of client information is strictly prohibited.

4. How is Personal Information protected?
The security and integrity of your Personal Information is extremely important to us. All personal information is stored in secure databases to prevent unauthorized access. Passwords, encryption devices and firewalls protect these databases. Please note however that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we take all steps to ensure the safety of your data, we cannot ensure the security of information you send to us over the internet.

Access to your personal and private information is limited to: authorized employees of Fernblick, and any of the third-party suppliers who require your information to provide the travel or other services you have requested (such as the transportation companies, restaurants, tour guides who deliver the services you purchase through Fernblick or that we arrange on your behalf) . We keep our employees and our third party suppliers and other partners informed about our policies and procedures and require strict compliance with this policy in order to ensure your information remains protected. Unauthorized access and/or disclosure of client information is strictly prohibited.

5. Who do we share your personal information with?
Fernblick will share your information with the outside suppliers (such as transportation companies, restaurants, tour guides) with whom we work to provide the travel services as well as credit card processing firms etc., all of whom may be located outside of Thailand, or your country of residence if you are booking from abroad, and governed by differing privacy legislation) who perform services on our behalf. Such information must be provided to these suppliers in order to facilitate your booking and in order to provide you with services you have requested. These partners and suppliers are located all over the world – you can reasonably expect your personal information to be shared with organizations we work with in the countries you are travelling to, and in some cases, to the country of the head office of such third party partner supplier.

It is important to note that Fernblick and its suppliers do not sell, lease or trade information about you or your travel information to other parties in the ordinary course of business. In the event that Fernblick as a company were to be sold, your personal information would be among the assets sold – though we commit that any subsequent owner would be bound by this Privacy Policy, or one with equal or more protective terms.

6. How can I access my information?
You may request access, and update to or deletion of your personal information by contacting us via email, phone or by mail to our office (postal address only), subject to reasonable limitations.

Fernblick Properties Co. Ltd.
1-13/14 Moo 5
Koh Phangan
84280 Suratthani
THAILAND
owner@fernblick.co.th
T: +66 60 003 5195

Subject to standard legal restrictions, you can withdraw your consent to our use of your information at any time and with reasonable notice. Please note that if you refuse or withdraw your consent for any purpose that is required by us to fulfill our service contract with you, we will not be able to provide you, or continue to provide you, with such service. Any costs which arise out of any cancellation or discontinuation of said services must be entirely borne by you.

Fernblick will only send you promotional and/or marketing materials if you have opted in to receive them. You can subscribe to receive such materials on our website, or by contacting our reservations office.

Fernblick retains personal information for as long as is reasonably required, with consideration to the purpose for which it was collected or a related or ancillary purpose, and to our legal, regulatory and tax obligations. Fernblick deletes or otherwise destroys personal information after a reasonable period of time. On occasion, you may have to provide your personal information to us again in the event that it has been deleted.

7. Complaints
If you have any complaints about Fernblick’s collection, use, disclosure, or dealing with your Personal Information, if you believe that Fernblick is in violation of or have any questions about Fernblick’s compliance with applicable privacy legislation in relation to your Personal Information, please send a written letter or an e-mail to our founder at owner@fernblick.co.th or at the mailing address in the section above.

Fernblick takes all complaints regarding your privacy and Personal Information very seriously. Upon receipt, our team will review your complaint within 30 days and will provide a written response to the return address indicated in the complaint.

In the event you provide us with an Opt Out Notice, your information will be segregated and not disclosed or used in any manner about which you have objected. However, the personal information we collect may be retained by us if necessary for us to comply with any law or legal directive.

Website Policy and Cookies
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that a website sends to your computer’s web browser. While you visit a particular website, a cookie may be used to track the activities of your browser as well as provide you with a consistent, more efficient experience.

How do third-party vendors use Cookies?
Third party vendors, including Google and Facebook, show Fernblick ads across the internet. These third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to the Fernblick website. Neither Fernblick, nor any affiliated third party vendor, store any personal information in the cookie data. Users may opt out of third-party usage of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page

How does Fernblick use cookies?
Cookies may be used to help speed up the booking process so you do not need to re-type the same information again and again. We may use cookies to measure website usage such as entry and exit points of visitors, how many people visit a certain section or page and details of searches performed and related information. If you are making a purchase we may also use cookies to keep track of the transaction from one page to the next. We do not store any personal information in the cookie, or use it for any other purpose.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time it may be necessary for Fernblick to amend or make revisions to this Privacy Policy, which amendments may also apply to your personal information collected under a previous version of this Policy. Fernblick reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. If we make a change to the Policy, the revised version will be posted on our website.
